Python 3.7.5 (tags/v3.7.5:5c02a39a0b, Oct 15 2019, 00:11:34) [MSC v.1916 64 bit (AMD64)] on win32
Type "help", "copyright", "credits" or "license()" for more information.
>>> 
= RESTART: C:\Users\Thoma\OneDrive\Documents\Projects\Python\Articial intellegence\Coursework Part 1\CourseworkPart1.py
Loading CourseworkPart1.xml...done (0.00 seconds)
Kernel bootstrap completed in 0.03 seconds
Welcome to this twitter chat bot. Please feel free to ask for me to search for tweets or people for you


Enter your Message: Hello
Hello! How are you?
Enter your Message: Im good thanks you?
Im good thanks
Enter your Message: what are you
I am a twitter bot, I can look up and assist you when looking for tweets

Enter your Message: what did obama tweet
Most recent tweet by  obama :  Thank you Chiney Nneka and all of the athletes who are using their platforms and helping people vote in this election
Enter your Message: what tweet obama
Most recent tweet by  obama:  Thank you Chiney, Nneka, and all of the athletes who are using their platforms and helping people vote in this elecion
Enter your Message: can find ellen tweet
Most recent tweet by  ellen :  If you voted absentee, check the status of your ballot NOW! If it was rejected, you may still have a chance to correct.


Enter your Message: most recent tweet by Justin Timberlake
I couldnt find that user
Is it any of the following?
Justin Timberlake
shrinersopen
JustinTimberlakePerú
Justin Timberlake Brasil
->Justin Timberlake
Most recent tweet by  Justin Timberlake :  Over 91.6 million nationwide requested a mail in ballot to vote More mail in ballots means more time spent counting


Enter your Message: find me tweets containing politics
Most recent tweet by  13850422 :  b'Former New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie called on President Trump to provide evidence for his claims made in the Whitehouse https://t.co/2lv6sTCYnv'
Enter your Message: Look up tweets with football
My search for  football  found the following most recent tweet:  Dani Alves is one of the most decorated players in football history He has seen so much success in his career


Enter your Message: Am I facing north?
I dont understand, could you try rephrasing the question?

Enter your Message: Bye
Bye! Nice talking to you.